---
title: "Steampipe Table: github_actions_artifact - Query GitHub Actions Artifacts using SQL"
description: "Allows users to query GitHub Actions Artifacts, specifically the metadata and download URLs, providing insights into the artifacts generated by GitHub Actions workflows."
folder: "Actions"
---

# Table: github_actions_artifact - Query GitHub Actions Artifacts using SQL

GitHub Actions Artifacts are the files created when you build and test your code. These artifacts allow you to persist data after a job has completed, and share that data with another job in the same workflow. An artifact can be a compile output, a log file, a test result, or any other data you want to preserve or share.

## Table Usage Guide

The `github_actions_artifact` table provides insights into artifacts generated by GitHub Actions workflows. As a software developer or DevOps engineer, explore artifact-specific details through this table, including metadata and download URLs. Utilize it to uncover information about artifacts, such as their size, download location, and associated workflow runs.

To query this table using a [fine-grained access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#creating-a-fine-grained-personal-access-token), the following permissions are required:
  - Repository permissions:
    - Actions (Read-only): Required to access all columns.
    - Metadata (Read-only): Required to access general repository metadata.

**Important Notes**
- You must specify the `repository_full_name` column in `where` or `join` clause to query the table. 


## Examples

### List artifacts
Explore which artifacts are associated with the 'turbot/steampipe' repository on GitHub. This can be useful for developers needing to understand or manage the resources related to this specific project.

```sql+postgres
select
  *
from
  github_actions_artifact
where
  repository_full_name = 'turbot/steampipe';
```

```sql+sqlite
select
  *
from
  github_actions_artifact
where
  repository_full_name = 'turbot/steampipe';
```

### List active artifacts
Discover the segments that are active artifacts within a specific repository, which is useful in scenarios where you need to track and manage these artifacts for ongoing projects or maintenance tasks. This query enables you to focus on active artifacts, excluding those that have expired, to streamline your artifact management process.

```sql+postgres
select
  id,
  node_id,
  name,
  archive_download_url,
  expired
from
  github_actions_artifact
where
  repository_full_name = 'turbot/steampipe' and not expired;
```

```sql+sqlite
select
  id,
  node_id,
  name,
  archive_download_url,
  expired
from
  github_actions_artifact
where
  repository_full_name = 'turbot/steampipe' and not expired;
```